The logo of our sponsor, Snyk API & Web.
Home
Scan your site now

eternallifehospice.com
 
 Hide results  Follow redirects
Security Report Summary
A
Site:	https://eternallifehospice.com/
IP Address:	75.2.60.5
Report Time:	22 Jul 2026 04:12:26 UTC
Headers:	
Content-Security-Policy Permissions-Policy Referrer-Policy Strict-Transport-Security X-Content-Type-Options X-Frame-Options
Warning:	Grade capped at A, please see warnings below.
Advanced:	
Great grade! Perform a deeper security analysis of your website and APIs:	
Warnings
Content-Security-Policy	This policy contains 'unsafe-inline' which is dangerous in the script-src directive.
Raw Headers
HTTP/2	200
accept-ranges	bytes
age	0
cache-control	public,max-age=0,must-revalidate
cache-status	"Netlify Edge"; fwd=miss
content-encoding	gzip
content-security-policy	default-src 'self'; script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' https://www.googletagmanager.com https://www.clarity.ms https://cdn.brevo.com https://www.google-analytics.com; style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' https://fonts.googleapis.com; font-src 'self' https://fonts.gstatic.com data:; img-src 'self' data: https:; connect-src 'self' https://www.google-analytics.com https://region1.google-analytics.com https://www.clarity.ms https://in.clarity.ms https://cdn.brevo.com https://api.brevo.com; media-src 'self'; frame-src 'none'; frame-ancestors 'self'; form-action 'self';
content-type	text/html; charset=UTF-8
date	Wed, 22 Jul 2026 04:12:25 GMT
etag	"3cb2d75611899963b8c3ffd7a67b50c4-ssl-df"
permissions-policy	geolocation=(), microphone=(), camera=()
referrer-policy	strict-origin-when-cross-origin
server	Netlify
strict-transport-security	max-age=31536000
vary	Accept-Encoding
x-content-type-options	nosniff
x-frame-options	SAMEORIGIN
x-nf-request-id	01KY40CPR2K2WY8Z5PF9KA4JC2
Upcoming Headers
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy	Cross-Origin Embedder Policy allows a site to prevent assets being loaded that do not grant permission to load them via CORS or CORP.
Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy	Cross-Origin Opener Policy allows a site to opt-in to Cross-Origin Isolation in the browser.
Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy	Cross-Origin Resource Policy allows a resource owner to specify who can load the resource.
Additional Information
content-security-policy	Content Security Policy is an effective measure to protect your site from XSS attacks. By whitelisting sources of approved content, you can prevent the browser from loading malicious assets. Analyse this policy in more detail. You can sign up for a free account on Report URI to collect reports about problems on your site.
permissions-policy	Permissions Policy is a new header that allows a site to control which features and APIs can be used in the browser.
referrer-policy	Referrer Policy is a new header that allows a site to control how much information the browser includes with navigations away from a document and should be set by all sites.
server	Server value has been changed. Typically you will see values like "Microsoft-IIS/8.0" or "nginx 1.7.2".
strict-transport-security	HTTP Strict Transport Security is an excellent feature to support on your site and strengthens your implementation of TLS by getting the User Agent to enforce the use of HTTPS.
x-content-type-options	X-Content-Type-Options stops a browser from trying to MIME-sniff the content type and forces it to stick with the declared content-type. The only valid value for this header is "X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff".
x-frame-options	X-Frame-Options tells the browser whether you want to allow your site to be framed or not. By preventing a browser from framing your site you can defend against attacks like clickjacking.
A snyk.io project - CC-BY-SA 4.0Powered by Snyk  